This one.
Is Tianyu's situation really as serious as you say?
Yes, this one, please help me
Come on, Sisi
I also want to save Uncle Bai
Coco, I don't have surgical equipment.
Do I have to have surgical equipment?
OK
Ah!
A mere Shi Yu is such a small disease
Surgical instruments are required to treat
I see you.
This vice dean's medical skills are not very good either.
Don't mistake your ignorance for ignorance
No matter which hospital Uncle Bai is sent to now
Surgery is needed.
I don't need surgical equipment
How to cure casually
Trash, you're still talking nonsense at this time
I'm going to rip your mouth apart
No, Tianyu's breathing is getting harder and harder
Now just say one less word.
I'm afraid it won't help in vain
Dad?
Dad, it's not too late for me to do it now